Install ibmz #11022 keichwa (#193)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation/pages/general-requirements.adoc

If not already done, download the {sle} Unified Installer from https://download.suse.com/index.jsp.
Direct link to {sle} 15 SP1, required to install SUSE Manager 4.0: https://download.suse.com/index.jsp?product_id=&search=Search&families=22609&version=68287.

> For a later version or a different architecture such as IBM Z, select the respective item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a later version or a different architecture, such as {ibmz}, select the respective item.
```
